Disable WAM When UseDeviceAuthentication is true or paramterset is UserWithCredential (#25404)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Accounts/Accounts/ChangeLog.md

-->

## Upcoming Release

> * Disable WAM when the customers login with device code flow and username password flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Disable WAM when the customers login with device code flow or username password (ROPC) flow to prevent token cache issues.
```
